Is it really you?
Yangyang won the second place in the National Piano Competition
We are here to celebrate
I just opened the card.
Report Takako
Play together if you have time
Hey stop
Over there is the top box
What were you doing there?
Are you here to eat?
What else can you do?
If you have a brain problem, take more medicine
Don't come out to get off work
Top Box
The recharge amount should reach more than 10 million
Make an appointment in advance
I can't even get in. What qualifications do you have?
If you can't get in, it means you belong to the rose.
Oh, yeah.
Did you do something shameful?
The top delusion that just went
Even if I do
You can't give in to that either.
Gao Yang, turn your head
Turn your head around
What's the matter? Did you hear the sound of water?
How dare you scold me
The brain is flooded twice
I really can't tell how to export it.
Hey you
Hey
Do you have any other dishes to add?
That's enough!
Brother Gao, why did you go for so long?
I just saw Ouyan.
He actually went to the top box
Sister, why did he go to the top box?
He estimated that he would not go to the top box to serve the adults
Why is he doing it so many times now?
Brother, don't be angry just now.
Sister, this may be because I have been too sleepy recently.
So I can only do these jobs.
Why don't we introduce him to something else?
Forget it. Leave him alone.
Love to do this to yourself and let him go